{\rtf \li0 \fi0 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa240 Baudoz, P. {\i{}et al.} (2012) \uc0\u8216{}Dark hole and planet detection: laboratory results using the self-coherent camera\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Ground-based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy IV}, p. 84468C. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.926575.\
Baudoz, P., Mazoyer, J. and Galicher, R. (2013) \uc0\u8216{}Laboratory tests of planet signal extraction in high contrast images\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the Third AO4ELT Conference}. {\i{}Proceedings of the Third AO4ELT Conference}, p. 109. Available at: https://doi.org/10.12839/AO4ELT3.13701.\
Boccaletti, A. {\i{}et al.} (2022) \uc0\u8216{}Upgrading the high contrast imaging facility SPHERE: science drivers and instrument choices\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Ground-based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy IX}, SPIE, pp. 622\uc0\u8211{}634. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2630154.\
Cantalloube, F. {\i{}et al.} (2022) \uc0\u8216{}Exoplanet imaging data challenge, phase II: characterization of exoplanet signals in high-contrast images\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Adaptive Optics Systems VIII}, SPIE, pp. 8\uc0\u8211{}24. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2627968.\
Delorme, J.R. {\i{}et al.} (2014) \uc0\u8216{}High-contrast imaging in wide spectral band with a self-coherent camera and achromatic coronagraphs\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Advances in Optical and Mechanical Technologies for Telescopes and Instrumentation}, p. 91515Q. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2056846.\
Egron, S. {\i{}et al.} (2017) \uc0\u8216{}James Webb Space Telescope optical simulation testbed IV: linear control alignment of the primary segmented mirror\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE) Conference Series}, p. 1039811. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2272981.\
Fogarty, K. {\i{}et al.} (2017) \uc0\u8216{}Tip/tilt optimizations for polynomial apodized vortex coronagraphs on obscured telescope pupils\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Techniques and Instrumentation for Detection of Exoplanets VIII}, SPIE, pp. 224\uc0\u8211{}240. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2274603.\
Fogarty, K. {\i{}et al.} (2018) \uc0\u8216{}Optimal deformable mirror and pupil apodization combinations for apodized pupil Lyot coronagraphs with obstructed pupils\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Space Telescopes and Instrumentation 2018: Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave}, p. 106981J. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2314394.\
Fogarty, K. {\i{}et al.} (2020) \uc0\u8216{}Towards high throughput and low-order aberration robustness for vortex coronagraphs with central obstructions\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Space Telescopes and Instrumentation 2020: Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave}, International Society for Optics and Photonics, p. 114433Y. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2563180.\
Galicher, R. {\i{}et al.} (2013) \uc0\u8216{}Focal Plane Wavefront Sensing with a self-coherent camera\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the Third AO4ELT Conference}. {\i{}Proceedings of the Third AO4ELT Conference}, p. 123. Available at: https://doi.org/10.12839/AO4ELT3.18647.\
Galicher, R. {\i{}et al.} (2014) \uc0\u8216{}High contrast imaging on the THD bench: progress and upgrades\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Space Telescopes and Instrumentation 2014: Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave}, p. 91435A. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2055902.\
Galicher, Rapha\uc0\u235{}l. {\i{}et al.} (2013) \uc0\u8216{}High-contrast imaging with a self-coherent camera\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Techniques and Instrumentation for Detection of Exoplanets VI}, p. 88640M. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2025298.\
Gasnault, O. {\i{}et al.} (2012) \uc0\u8216{}Deciphering Sample and Atmospheric Oxygen Contents with ChemCam on Mars\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}43rd Lunar and Planetary Science Conference}. {\i{}Lunar and Planetary Science Conference}, p. 2888. Available at: http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2012LPI....43.2888G (Accessed: 17 February 2016).\
Jovanovic, N. {\i{}et al.} (2018) \uc0\u8216{}Review of high-contrast imaging systems for current and future ground-based and space-based telescopes: Part II. Common path wavefront sensing/control and coherent differential imaging\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Adaptive Optics Systems VI}, p. 107031U. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2314260.\
Laurent, K.S. {\i{}et al.} (2018) \uc0\u8216{}Apodized pupil Lyot coronagraphs designs for future segmented space telescopes\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Space Telescopes and Instrumentation 2018: Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave}, p. 106982W. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2313902.\
Leboulleux, L. {\i{}et al.} (2016) \uc0\u8216{}High-contrast imager for Complex Aperture Telescopes (HiCAT). 4. Status and wavefront control development\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave}, pp. 99043C-99043C\uc0\u8211{}13. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2233640.\
Leboulleux, L. {\i{}et al.} (2017) \uc0\u8216{}Comparison of wavefront control algorithms and first results on the high-contrast imager for complex aperture telescopes (hicat) testbed\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}International Conference on Space Optics}, International Society for Optics and Photonics, p. 105622Z. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2296154.\
Leboulleux, L. {\i{}et al.} (2018) \uc0\u8216{}Sensitivity analysis for high-contrast imaging with segmented space telescopes\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Space Telescopes and Instrumentation 2018: Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave}, p. 106986H. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2313904.\
Mas, M. {\i{}et al.} (2012) \uc0\u8216{}Experimental results on wavefront correction using the self-coherent camera\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Ground-based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy IV}, p. 844689. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.926586.\
Mazoyer, J. {\i{}et al.} (2012) \uc0\u8216{}Experimental parametric study of the self-coherent camera\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Space Telescopes and Instrumentation 2012: Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave}, p. 844250. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.926080.\
Mazoyer, Johan {\i{}et al.} (2013) \uc0\u8216{}Direct detection of exoplanets in polychromatic light with a Self-coherent camera\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the Third AO4ELT Conference}. {\i{}Proceedings of the Third AO4ELT Conference}, p. 97. Available at: https://doi.org/10.12839/AO4ELT3.13416.\
Mazoyer, J. {\i{}et al.} (2013) \uc0\u8216{}Speckle correction in polychromatic light with the self-coherent camera for the direct detection of exoplanets\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Techniques and Instrumentation for Detection of Exoplanets VI}, p. 88640N. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2023508.\
Mazoyer, J. {\i{}et al.} (2014) \uc0\u8216{}Deformable mirror interferometric analysis for the direct imagery of exoplanets\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Adaptive Optics Systems IV}, p. 914846. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2057833.\
Mazoyer, J. {\i{}et al.} (2015) \uc0\u8216{}Active correction of aperture discontinuities (ACAD) for space telescope pupils: a parametic analysis\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Techniques and Instrumentation for Detection of Exoplanets VII}, p. 96050M. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2188692.\
Mazoyer, J. {\i{}et al.} (2016) \uc0\u8216{}Correcting for the effects of pupil discontinuities with the ACAD method\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}, pp. 99044T-99044T\uc0\u8211{}12. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2232907.\
Mazoyer, J. {\i{}et al.} (2017) \uc0\u8216{}Capabilities of ACAD-OSM, an active method for the correction of aperture discontinuities\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Techniques and Instrumentation for Detection of Exoplanets VIII}, p. 104000G. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2273070.\
Mazoyer, J. {\i{}et al.} (2020) \uc0\u8216{}DiskFM: A forward modeling tool for disk analysis with coronagraphic instruments\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Ground-based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VIII}, International Society for Optics and Photonics, p. 1144759. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2560091.\
Mazoyer, J. and Pueyo, L. (2017) \uc0\u8216{}Fundamental limits to high-contrast wavefront control\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Techniques and Instrumentation for Detection of Exoplanets VIII}, p. 1040014. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2274657.\
N\uc0\u8217{}Diaye, M. {\i{}et al.} (2015) \uc0\u8216{}High-contrast imager for complex aperture telescopes (HiCAT): 3. first lab results with wavefront control\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Techniques and Instrumentation for Detection of Exoplanets VII}, p. 96050I. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2188497.\
N\uc0\u8217{}Diaye, M. {\i{}et al.} (2018) \uc0\u8216{}Apodized Pupil Lyot coronagraphs with arbitrary aperture telescopes: novel designs using hybrid focal plane masks\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Space Telescopes and Instrumentation 2018: Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave}, p. 106986A. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2313225.\
Potier, A. {\i{}et al.} (2022) \uc0\u8216{}Improving VLT/SPHERE without additional hardware: comparing quasi-static correction strategies\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Adaptive Optics Systems VIII}, SPIE, pp. 1943\uc0\u8211{}1952. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2629926.\
Pueyo, L. {\i{}et al.} (2017) \uc0\u8216{}The LUVOIR architecture \uc0\u8220{}A\uc0\u8221{} coronagraph instrument\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE) Conference Series}, p. 103980F. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2274654.\
Ruane, G. {\i{}et al.} (2018) \uc0\u8216{}Review of high-contrast imaging systems for current and future ground- and space-based telescopes I: coronagraph design methods and optical performance metrics\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Space Telescopes and Instrumentation 2018: Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave}, p. 106982S. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2312948.\
Snik, F. {\i{}et al.} (2018) \uc0\u8216{}Review of high-contrast imaging systems for current and future ground-based and space-based telescopes III: technology opportunities and pathways\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Advances in Optical and Mechanical Technologies for Telescopes and Instrumentation III}, p. 107062L. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2313957.\
Soummer, R. {\i{}et al.} (2018) \uc0\u8216{}High-contrast imager for complex aperture telescopes (HiCAT): 5. first results with segmented-aperture coronagraph and wavefront control\uc0\u8217{}, in {\i{}Proceedings of the SPIE}. {\i{}Space Telescopes and Instrumentation 2018: Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave}, p. 106981O. Available at: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.2314110.\
}